feat(promotion-cards): create and add promotion cards as Patterns (#1218)
Legal-and-General/canopy: projects/canopy/src/lib/card/docs/card/guide.stories.mdx

- `LgCardContent`
- `LgCardFooter`

#### Inputs
For Orientation each **key** is a mobile-first breakpoint from the standard list of available breakpoints: `xs`, `sm`, `md`, `lg`, `xl`, `xxl`.
The current available options for Orientation are `vertical`, `horizontal`, `reverse-vertical`, `reverse-horizontal`.

| Name           | Description                                                 | Type                | Default | Required |
|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|---------|----------|
|   `variant`    | The variant of the card: `promotion`                        | `string`            |`default`|  No      |
| `orientation`  | The orientation of the card content: `sm: 'vertical'`       | `SpacingResponsive` |   n/a   |  No      |

### Responsive examples of orientations

At the `sm` breakpoint apply `vertical` orientation, then at the `md` breakpoint apply `horizontal` orientation, then at the `lg` breakpoint apply `vertical` orientation.

```html

<lg-card [orientation]="{ sm: 'vertical', md: 'horizontal', lg: 'vertical' }"></lg-card>

```

### LgCardHeroImageComponent

> This is the primary layout section of the card component, it is used to contain a hero Image or a Brand Icon.

Author: Done. :)

> To use this component with a Brand Icon, the following is needed:

Author: Done. :)

- `LgCardContent`
- `LgCardFooter`

#### Inputs

> For Orientation each **key** is a mobile-first breakpoint from the standard list of available breakpoints: `xs`, `sm`, `md`, `lg`, `xl`, `xxl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The orientation input arranges the direct children of the card in vertical or horizontal layout, a responsive way. It accepts an object, where the **key** is a mobile-first breakpoint from the standard list of available breakpoints: `xs`, `sm`, `md`, `lg`, `xl`, `xxl`. The value is from the set of available Orientation options.
```

Author: Done. :)

The current available options for Orientation are `vertical`, `horizontal`, `reverse-vertical`, `reverse-horizontal`.

| Name           | Description                                                 | Type                | Default | Required |
|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|---------|----------|
|   `variant`    | The variant of the card: `promotion`                        | `string`            |`default`|  No      |

> | `orientation`  | The orientation of the card content: `sm: 'vertical'`       | `SpacingResponsive` |   n/a   |  No      |

Author: Done. :)

### Responsive examples of orientations

> At the `sm` breakpoint apply `vertical` orientation, then at the `md` breakpoint apply `horizontal` orientation, then at the `lg` breakpoint apply `vertical` orientation.

Author: Done. :)

```html

<lg-card [orientation]="{ sm: 'vertical', md: 'horizontal', lg: 'vertical' }"></lg-card>

```

### LgCardHeroImageComponent

This is the primary layout section of the card component, it is used to contain a hero Image or a Brand Icon.

> An image is added via the `imageUrl` input. A Brand Icon is added via content projection using the `<lg-brand-icon>` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An image is added via either the `imageUrl`, or `imageSrc` input. A Brand Icon is added via content projection using the `<lg-brand-icon>` component.
```

Author: Done. :)

> #### Displaying an Image

Author: Done. :)

> To display an image as the background image of this element, simply provide a URL to the desired image to the `imageUrl` input.

Author: Done. :)

``
<lg-card-hero-img [imageUrl]="imageUrl">
</lg-card-hero-img>
``

> To display an image, simply provide a URL to the desired image to the `imageSrc` input. Using this method will set the image to the

Author: Done. :)

3:2, dimensions: 600 × 400.
``
<lg-card-hero-img [imageSrc]="imageUrl">
</lg-card-hero-img>
``

#### Displaying a Brand Icon
To use this component with a Brand Icon, the following is needed:

Import the brand icon module in your application:

```js
@NgModule({
  ...
  imports: [ ..., LgBrandIconModule ],
});
```

Import the `LgBrandIconRegistry` service and register your brand icons inside your module:

```js
// import the desired icon
import { lgBrandIconSun } from '@legal-and-general/canopy';

export class SomeModule {
  constructor(private brandIconRegistry: LgBrandIconRegistry) {
    // register the icon using the `brandIconRegistry` service
    this.brandIconRegistry.registerBrandIcon([
      lgBrandIconSun
    ]);
  }
}
```

and in the HTML
```html
<lg-card-hero-img>
  <lg-brand-icon [name]="iconName" size="xs"></lg-brand-icon>
</lg-card-hero-img>
```

#### Inputs

| Name           | Description                                                 | Type     | Default | Required |
|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------|----------|

> |   `imageUrl`   | The image url to be displayed: `/testUrl`                   | `string` | n/a     | No       |

Author: Done. :)

> |   `imageSrc`   | The image url to be displayed: `/testUrl`                   | `string` | n/a     | No       |

Author: Done. :)

- `LgCardContent`

> - `LgCardFooter`

Reviewer 2: I think you should add `LgCardHeroImageComponent` here too, no?

Author: Done. :)
